let's show defender you can win this hit
welcome to the 2009 Long Beach marmodom
baseball season fans and players are
excited for this opening we check out
some of the sights and sounds from
opening day
it feels great beautiful night
beautiful Twilight and the Armada starts
with a great bottom of the first so
start you better than this is a great
place to come during the summer
full moon all the players out there I
think Long Beach is lucky to have such a
great team as they are modest
building on the momentum of this
positive synergy is the recent signing
of former Dodger josé Lima what can I
say it's a Lima time now let's check out
some of the clips from his season opener
at Blair Stadium in Long Beach
I'm trying to be a role model Mia when
you see those little kids saying leave
my flying to me they saw yawn and they
say leave a sign does it make you figure
and me you don't hear no boo and it
stands even when I got this is a great
feeling man it's a great feeling at
least having those fans behind you 100%
now the fun doesn't stop there because
the Armada also signed Hideki Irabu
the former star pitcher for the New York
Yankees now it's Robbo time now in front
of every successful sports organization
there's always a strong team working
behind the scenes to make sure the
operations are being executed properly
on and off the field first we got a
chance to speak with Dave Koval CEO and
founder of the GPL well this is our
fifth anniversary and we're thrilled to
be here in Long Beach to celebrate great
baseball here at Blair field with all
the fans here thousands of people
rooting for the hometown town team we
think it's a great addition to the
community now let's hear some comments
from general manager Tony Soares and
broadcaster Josh Feldman about the
Hamada 2009 opener you know pretty well
the most important thing is we had a lot
of people out here and as you can tell
we've got we've got really loyal fans
now you'd always want a few more people
but we're working on that and I'm sure
we'll get there
well this 2010 season the Armada has a
lot of talent not just with the obvious
additions of former all-star josé Lima
and two-time World Series champion
Hideki Irabu
both who spent years in the major
leagues but manager Gary Templeton has
really built a team that has a lot of
talent
okay Armada family and friends that does
it for this week
now for more information about the
Armada and their remaining games
schedule just go to www.facebook.com
smash home and there you can find out
all the information that you need so
that does it for now and we will see you
at the next game